Mr. Su
Junior Sun Zhonghua
I'm here to apologize to you on behalf of Quanzi Sun Lei
Where is it?
Can you come to Su's house?
The Su family is already prosperous
Where did the apology come from?
Hey, that's right.
Don't love now
Mr. Su, you must not say that
That's all Quanzi, he brought it on himself
Dare to hit Miss Su
That's not knowing life and death
Watch me prepare these small gifts
And our grandson
A strategic contract for long-term cooperation between the two Sun families
You must not remember the mistakes of villains as adults.
Hey, okay, okay.
Right? Right?
It won't be the talent side that's at work
It must be otherwise, the chairperson of the company will run in person.
Ah, you see you are here
Why do you still bring something?
Then I'll take it.
You are I am Zhang Tianhao's fiancee
Are you sure
It's for the sake of our Zhangjia Baicaotang
Who is Zhang Tianhao?
What is Baicaotang?
I don't even know him.
What Zhang family
And you.
You are not Su Wanqiu
How could I possibly be that bitch?
It's not Su Wanqiu, what's wrong with you?
Mr. Su
If Miss Su Wanqiu comes back
Please let me know.
Our Sun family's strategic contract
I only signed with him